off to New Zealand, to Wellington.
That was where he went to school to start with.
Then later, he was with the University of Pennsylvania.
He became a landscape architect.
Austin's A-U-S-T-I-N.
Yeah, Strong.
Strong.
And he collaborated with Lloyd on some plays.
We've got one over there, the Treasure Island that they did.
And he finally...
wound up as the Commodore of the Fleet up in Nantucket, teaching people to sail.
And it's 5 Quince Street, Nantucket Island, Massachusetts.
That's right.
September 7, 1944.
And who was George Ulysio again?
He was a collector.
He was a collector and, as I say, a deadbeat.
And I wonder why he so nicely gave this to Ulysio.
Well, you see, Ulysio was an ardent Stephenson.
He was a great enthusiast.
evidently was able to convince Austin Strong that he was a devoted Stevenson.
What do we suppose the idea Roman means?
Well, he evidently felt he seemed to feel that he was, you see, making a struggle for liberty and so on.
I see.
Okay.
That's to George.
As I say, he got mixed up.
Haddonfield is in New Jersey.
Oh, I see.
And Roman, you said, never paid his book debts.
I mean, I don't know when Ulyssio never paid his book debts.
I only met him once.
He came to Dawson's one time, and he gave his address.
He wanted me to send the books so that he wouldn't have to pay the sales tax, you see, somehow.
And when he gave his name, I just about flipped, and I sent a note back to the office.
Well, he had owed for so long that they didn't have the record anymore, and
And so I had to let it go.
But in the meantime, and trying to keep him diverted and keep my eye on the office, I made a mistake of $10 in his favor, of course.
And I wrote to him.
and worded the letter very carefully, and the implication was that I would have to pay the ten dollars, which, of course, I wouldn't.
You know, he sent it.
Oh, he did?
I couldn't believe it.
Did you tell us just once again, because I didn't have a tape recorder, how Mr. Strauss got this desk?
Well, Mr. Elisio, as I say, owned people, east and west, and the minute that Austin Strong was dead,
He turned this in on an unpaid book bill at Sessler's in Philadelphia.
And Mr. Strauss bought it from Sessler's.
The grandson of Mr. Strong?
What?
The grandson had turned the desk in?
No.
Because Strong gave it to Ulysseo, so the minute that Ulysseo was dead.
No, the minute that Austin Strong was dead, Ulysseo had the desk.
And the minute that the giver of the desk was dead, he felt that he could turn it in.
Oh, I see.
So this was not a... He didn't own it.
Strong still owned it, perhaps.
Well, Strong didn't own it.
He had given it to Elysio.
Okay.
So Elysio had it, and Elysio used it in lieu of cash.
I see.
Oh, so he had to wait until this gentleman died to be subtle about it, in other words.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm sure he liked it all right, but he probably... I doubt that he cleared the bill with this.
That's a great story.
He owed everybody.
He said he owed everybody, and how did he deal with everything?
He owed dealers right and left, and once in a while he'd put up—he had a very good collection, various collections.
The books would come up at auction, and the dealers would just sit back and refuse to bid, you see, just let the prices be slaughtered.
if you did if you'd look at some of the auctions you know you'd think that a certain author was let's say charles dickens or somebody like that you know was really going down the drain and it was just that the dealers were getting back at him they they weren't going to let him realize anything on on the books that that he probably hadn't paid for
He's dead and gone now, and I don't know if he's got any relevance.
I wouldn't want to be slewed.